c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v19.1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v19.1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v19.1.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.1.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.1.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\obj\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\obj\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.frmChinh.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\obj\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\obj\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\obj\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\obj\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\obj\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.frmDangNhap.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\obj\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.frmQuenMatKhau.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\obj\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.frmChaoMung.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\obj\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.frmNhanVienDanhSach.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\obj\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.exe.licenses
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.1.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.1.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.1.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.1.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v19.1.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.1.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.1.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.1.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.1.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\Common.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\bin\Debug\DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyBanHang\QuanLyBanHang\obj\Debug\QuanLyBanHang.frmNhanVienTaiKhoan.resources
